Adding tutorial for introduction to Digital Humanities (#6310)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/digital-humanities/tutorials/introduction_to_dh/tutorial.md

> <agenda-title></agenda-title>
>
> In this tutorial, we will cover:
>
> 1. TOC
> {:toc}
>
{: .agenda}

# Hands-on Sections

## Create an account on Galaxy
To use Galaxy's full potential, you need to register and create an account. You can skip this step if you already have a Galaxy account.

{% snippet faqs/galaxy/account_create.md %}

Alternatively, you can log in using a single sign-on of your choice, for example, from [IAM4NFDI](https://iam.services.base4nfdi.de/faq_ENG/) on [Galaxy Europe](https://usegalaxy.eu/).

 ![Screenshot of Galaxy Europe register window with the IAM4NFDI login button highlighted](../../images/iam4nfdi.png)

## Log in to Galaxy
<!-- to do adapt screenshot / upload / make suitable 4 Europe -->
> <hands-on-title>Log in to Galaxy</hands-on-title>
> 1. Open your favourite browser (Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox as your browser, not Internet Explorer!)
> 2. Browse to your Galaxy instance, for example [Galaxy Europe](https://usegalaxy.eu/)
> 3. Log in with your credentials
>  

> > ![Screenshot of Galaxy Australia with the register or login button highlighted](../../images/galaxy-login.png)

Reviewer: for all these images that come from the introduction topic, you should change it to provide the full path, like this:

```suggestion
>  ![upload data button shown in the galaxy interface]({% link topics/introduction/images/upload-data.png %})
```

---
layout: tutorial_hands_on

title: Introduction to Digital Humanities in Galaxy
level: Introductory
draft: true
zenodo_link: ''
questions:
  - How to get started in Galaxy for text-related tasks?  
objectives:
  - Learn how to log in to Galaxy
  - Learn how to upload a file
  - Learn how to use a tool
  - Learn how to clean your text
  - Learn how to compare two texts automatically
  - Learn how to make a visualisation
time_estimation: 1H
key_points:
  - Galaxy has many tools for text analysis that you can adapt for your needs.
tags:
- text mining
contributions:
  authorship:
    - Sch-Da
  funding:
    - deKCD
---

<!-- This is a comment. -->

Loosely building on {% cite Richardson2003 %},[^1] this tutorial compares two editions of the poem "The Sorrows of Yamba".

> The first couple of steps in this tutorial derive from {% Syme2025GalaxyIntro %}.

Reviewer 2: Which tutorial are you referring to here?

Reviewer 2: So please replace `{% Syme2025GalaxyIntro %}` with `[NAME OF TUTORIAL]({% link topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-short/tutorial.html %})`.
And remove it from the bibtex.

---
layout: tutorial_hands_on

title: Introduction to Digital Humanities in Galaxy
level: Introductory
draft: true
zenodo_link: ''
questions:
  - How to get started in Galaxy for text-related tasks?  
objectives:
  - Learn how to log in to Galaxy
  - Learn how to upload a file
  - Learn how to use a tool
  - Learn how to clean your text
  - Learn how to compare two texts automatically
  - Learn how to make a visualisation
time_estimation: 1H
key_points:
  - Galaxy has many tools for text analysis that you can adapt for your needs.
tags:
- text mining
contributions:
  authorship:
    - Sch-Da
  funding:
    - deKCD
---

> 
> # Introduction
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
